List all available versions, and persist version data. (#1339)
digital-asset/daml: docs/source/support/release-notes.rst

  not specified, all modules in the project are exposed.
  See `#1328 <https://github.com/digital-asset/daml/issues/1328>`_.

> - Added `--all` flag in `daml version` to show all available versions.

Reviewer: was going to just add the extra backticks, then I ended up copyediting, sorry!

```suggestion
- You can now see all available versions with ``daml version`` using the ``--all`` flag.
```

Author: All copy-editing is appreciated :-) thanks!
